0.  The GIF format supports 256 colors
    The PNG format supports 2^24 colors
    The BMP format supports 2^24 colors
    The JPEG format supports 2^24 colors
1.  gif
2.  Lossless and lossy compression are terms that describe whether or not, 
    in the compression of a file, all original data can be recovered when the file is uncompressed
3.  jpeg
4.  Following things happen when a file is deleted on a FAT file system:
    A. The system modifies the filename's first character to signal that it has
       been deleted and that the directory entry can be recycled.
       (Most OSs simply remove the file's reference from the containing dir.)
    B. The system moves all of the file's FAT clusters to the hard drive's list
       of free clusters.
    The file's data is never modified.
5.  We can overwrite disk with random bytes to overwrite the images' actual data, so that i cant be recovered again
6.  The <stdint.h> header declare sets of integer types having specified widths, and define corresponding sets of macros.
    It also define macros that specify limits of integer types corresponding to types defined in other standard headers.
7.  You can fill up exactly the amount of space you want in a file. For example in this problem set we defined them for bitmap headers
    BITMAPFILEHEADER and BITMAPINFOHEADER.
8.  BYTE = 8 bits(1 byte)
    DWORD= 32 bits(4 bytes)
    LONG = signed 32 bits(4 bytes)
    WORD = 16 bits(2 bytes)
9.  The first two bytes must be 0x424d
10. bfSize if the total size of file in bytes.
    biSize is the number of bytes in info header.
11.  If biHeight is negative, the bitmap is a top-down DIB with the origin at the upper left corner.
12. biBitCount.
13. If it can't find the file in the directory, it will return NULL
14. Third arguement in freed species the number of elements we want to read. As we are always reading 1 struct, we pass the 
    the third arguement as 1.
15. Padding =3, ( 3 pixels * 3 bytes per pixel  = 9 It requires 3 byte padding to make it 12 which is a multiple of 4),
    which is a multiple of 4.
16. It moves to a specified location in the file.
17. An integer constant which, when used as the 'whence' argument to the
    fseek or fseeko function, specifies that the offset provided is relative to
    the current file position.
18. Its Rick Astley !!!!
